Add more information to survey API docs (#6896)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/surveys/implementing-custom-surveys.mdx

})
```

> > **Important:** `posthog.getActiveMatchingSurveys()` will always return an active survey if a user meets the targeting conditions, even if a user has already seen, dismissed or responded to a survey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important:** `posthog.getActiveMatchingSurveys()` will always return an active survey if the user meets the targeting conditions, even if they have already seen, dismissed or responded to the survey.
```

    $survey_id: {survey.id} // required

>     $survey_response: {survey_response} // required

Reviewer: I think it would shorter and simpler to add a comment here explaining what the value for survey_response should be. What do you think?

```suggestion
    $survey_response: {survey_response} // required. `{survey_response}` must be a text or number value (depending on your question type).
    // For multiple choice select surveys, `{survey_response}` must be an array of values with the selected choices.
    // e.g., $survey_response: ["response_1", 8, "response_2"]
```

Author: Sure! I just want to make sure that users are aware of their response values so they can make the most of the automatic survey results graphs etc

})
```

> ### Question types
> 
> If you want to make the most of PostHog's automatic survey analysis, you'll need to capture survey responses in these formats:
> 
> #### Open text and single choice questions
> 
> ```js-web
> posthog.capture("survey sent", {
>     $survey_id: {survey.id} // required
>     $survey_response: {response} // value of the text input or selected choice
> })
> ```
> 
> #### Multiple choice questions
> 
> ```js-web
> posthog.capture("survey sent", {
>     $survey_id: {survey.id} // required
>     $survey_response: ["response_1", 8, "response_2"] // array of values of the selected choices
> })
> ```
> 
> #### Rating questions
> 
> ```js-web
> posthog.capture("survey sent", {
>     $survey_id: {survey.id} // required
>     $survey_response: {rating} // rating is a number
> })
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Question types

If you want to make the most of PostHog's automatic survey analysis, you'll need to capture survey responses in these formats:

#### Open text and single choice questions

```js-web
posthog.capture("survey sent", {
    $survey_id: {survey.id} // required
    $survey_response: {response} // value of the text input or selected choice
})
```

#### Multiple choice questions

```js-web
posthog.capture("survey sent", {
    $survey_id: {survey.id} // required
    $survey_response: ["response_1", 8, "response_2"] // array of values of the selected choices
})
```

#### Rating questions

```js-web
posthog.capture("survey sent", {
    $survey_id: {survey.id} // required
    $survey_response: {rating} // rating is a number
})
```
```

> ## Multiple question surveys

Reviewer: This is a bit of curveball, since so far in the docs we havent mentioned multiple question surveys. How do you create these in the PostHog UI?

<img width="1305" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-09 at 9 39 43 AM" src="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog.com/assets/7090054/d4057dcf-9e25-4a0f-8de5-b035e88eae11">

Author: Multiple questions is released after the beta period ~ but it'll be a "paid for" feature

Right now it's under a feature flag
